## Machine Learning Model Overview

The main model used for this project is in car_supervised_learning and uses the Balanced Random Forest Classifier. In order to take full advantage of the classifier, we processed the data to focus on how each make influences the target of price. That being said, we still used one model that included all the columns from our dataset, except the geographical columns. After that we made a model that focused only on the make, year, model, and trim. Following that we made two more models which separate regular makes from luxury makes, as the luxury cars create some bias in the other model where they are together. We found the Balanced Random Forest Classifier to be useful for the model because it provides a list of feature importances, which indicate which make of car influences price the most. These models were split into testing and training sets with y being price (target) and X being make, year, model, and trim (features). The reason we chose these features is because we wanted to focus on what influences price, rather than including the features in the first model which include more columns. It's also worth mentioning that the model provides a classification report which shows the precision and recall for each price range. Another model we used is a cluster model using pca. This was made to create visualizations to better understand the dataset. The data was preprocessed the same way as the BRFC model and creates three models(all makes, regular, and luxury). 

## Changes and Results

The accuracy scores for the BRFC models is currently around .70 for all three, but this wasn't always the case. In order to get the balanced accuracy score to where it is now, it took some experimentation with the amount of features and sample size. Earlier in our analysis, the balanced accuracy score was in the range of .30-.60. This was due to the fact the sample size was too small. However, this led to an observation that separates regular makes and luxury makes. When the sample size was smaller, the accuracy score of luxury makes was consistently higher than the regular makes. This makes sense because used luxury cars are going to have a higher price than regular cars, regardless of mileage. When we increased the sample size, the luxury makers still had a higher accuracy score but there was less of a gap between the luxury accuracy score and regular accuracy score.
